Update references to apps and pages (#4437)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/profiling-index-lifecycle-management.asciidoc

[[profiling-ilm-custom-policy-create-policy]]
=== Step 1: Create an index lifecycle policy

> . To open **Index Lifecycle Policies**, find **{stack-manage-app}** in the main menu or use the {kibana-ref}/introduction.html#kibana-navigation-search[global search field].

Reviewer: I think you have removed all occurrences of {stack-manage-app}... in such case I would suggest:

```suggestion
. To open **Index Lifecycle Policies**, find **Stack Management** in the main menu or use the {kibana-ref}/introduction.html#kibana-navigation-search[global search field].

```

Author: Good catch. My main reason for avoiding the variable is that I want to be consistent in the approach we take so that we can do a search/replace when someone more important than me decides the guidelines we're following are awkward. :-) :-) So it's good for us to be consistent. I'm also starting to doubt the value of using vars when we use them so inconsistently.

[[profiling-ilm-custom-policy-rollover]]
=== Step 3: Rollover indices

Confirm that Universal Profiling is now using the new index template and {ilm-init} policy:

> . To open **Console**, find `Dev Tools` in the {kibana-ref}/introduction.html#kibana-navigation-search[global search field].

Reviewer: It feels weird starting a sentence with "To open xxx"  when the previous sentence doesn't talk about `xxx`.

Not sure how to rephrase it, because in the majority of places where we have `to open xxx` it feels natural.
Maybe something like:

```suggestion
. Open **Console** by finding `Dev Tools` in the {kibana-ref}/introduction.html#kibana-navigation-search[global search field].

```

Author: I totally agree with you here. I've tried to [follow the new guidelines](https://docs.elastic.dev/tech-writing-guidelines/ui-writing#referring-to-apps-and-pages) explicitly because a) it's not clear to me how proscriptive the guidelines are, and b) I wanted to make it easier to clean things up through search and replace if/when we decide to go with language that's clearer and more concise.

@mdbirnstiehl What are your thoughts here? Is it OK for us to change the sentence structure provided in the guidelines? (This is where examples in the guidelines would have been SUPER helpful.) The guidelines were updated after I started this PR and now say that we can adapt the patterns, but I'm not sure what that means.

Reviewer 2: I give this my 🦭 of approval. Maybe we can mention to the style guide team that we could use some examples.

> . To open **Console**, find **Developer tools** in the main menu or use the {kibana-ref}/introduction.html#kibana-navigation-search[global search field].

Author: This is problematic because classic shows "Dev tools" and soln-nav shows "Developer tools". Which do we use?

Author: Decision was to recommend the global search bar in this situation.
